# Optimized-Firewall-Anomaly-Resolutions
Firewalls have been widely used to protect not only small and local networks, but also large enterprise networks. The configuration of firewalls is mainly done manually by network administrators. Thus, it suffers from human errors. A typical example of error in firewall configurations is conflict among two firewall rules, which arises when the effect of one rule is influenced or altered by another one, e.g. the actions of two rules (that are both satisfied simultaneously) contradict each other. In literature, several solutions have been proposed for firewall conflict detection. However, a detected conflict has to be solved manually by administrators, and none of the proposed approaches even tries to minimize such necessary administration operations. In order to overcome this limitation, the Netgroup (Computer Networks research group at Politecnico di Torino) recently defined a new approach, which also minimizes the number of resolutions that have to be performed by administrators to fix the detected conflicts. The aim of this project is to design and implement a RESTful web service based on this new approach.
The project is divided into the following parts:
##### a. Design data representations (described by means of an XML schema) respectively of the firewall rules and anomalies.
##### b. Design a REST API that can receive as input the rules using the previously defined data formats (XML or JSON) and that can perform the optimized analysis
##### c. A client for testing the web service, and an ant script that automates compilation and running of the various programs and tests are provided as part of the solution.
